Hal's trying to kill you.
It's through Qin Ming approaching Tang Yun's target.
Just in the middle of meeting Tôm Việt.
Only important people do not assassinate Muc Viet
What's he doing at the club?
They drink together.
Is that kid trying to get him drunk?
No.
It's just that it's impossible for Su Moc Nguyet to embrace Tang Du.
There's only you in my heart
There's no way to cuddle that stupid rich second generation.
All the other missions gave me one.
As long as my mission is to protect my woman.
We can't let that guy embrace him.
You hear that?
Is your brain late?
Now work, you know?
Really wow, bother the salary manager.
The company has rules for working, and the company has rules, okay?
The subordinates can't talk back to the superiors, you know? I don't talk back.
Let me tell you something.
What morality are you talking about?
You don't want to go.
Stay still.
Salary management is slow.
If it wasn't for fear of my protective status being exposed.
If Dragon King has nothing else to do, I will hang up and go on my quest.
Leaders of Long Soul Organization
Do this to play with women.
That's funny.